The world is so deep
You know, everyone in Fujio
This village is full of people
We don't have enough rice
We don't have enough birds
We don't have enough people
We don't have enough tax
We don't have enough trains
We don't have enough phones
We don't have enough water
We don't have enough straws
We don't have enough trains
We don't have enough Kent
Even if the roads are doctoral studies
We don't have enough
We don't have enough staff
We don't have enough numbers
We don't have enough mom
We lack a soldier, we lack a cleaner
We lack a guard, we lack a soldier
We lack a military officer, we lack a soldier
We lack a school, we lack a daughter
We lack a worker, we lack a soldier
We lack a commander, we lack a commander
We lack a school, we lack a leader
We lack a soldier, we lack a soldier
The